hi I am welcome to the bread kitchen I
don't have a stand mixer so making
brioche is always a bit tricky and very
messy today I'm going to show you how to
make some absolutely delicious light and
fluffy brioche rolls that you can either
have for breakfast or use as burger buns
280 grams of lukewarm milk I'm adding
five teaspoons of sugar and two
teaspoons of dried yeast and mix them
all together then leave for 10 minutes
please to start working so 350 grams are
a really good strong bread flour at a
teaspoon of salt and mix in add in the
yeast sugar water mix and three beaten
eggs then mix well to a smooth dough
what you end up with is quite a sticky
dough now I probably don't want a
surface and I'm going to knead it for
about five minutes and the way I'm going
to do it is with a slope and roll
technique to start with until some of
the stickiness has gone out of it so
quarter turn to slap it down roll it
over quarter turn slap it down roll it
over and having a plastic scraper kind
of helps to keep it all together - it
sticks to the work surface
so I've been doing this for about five
minutes so he's lost like a bit of its
stickiness but by no means all of it now
I'm going to spread this dough out and
add in a hundred grams of softened
butter to room temperature
you don't want melted butter in this
otherwise it's going to become a
horrible mess Oh
bad enough as it is now with my scraper
fold this up and then start kneading the
butter into the dough oh this is getting
horribly messy but it will all come
together trust me it gets worse before
it gets better now after just two
minutes it's lost a lot of its
stickiness as you can see how easily I
can scrape it off the surface here and
I'll just keep going and do this for
about 10 minutes now there's a strong
temptation when you're making a dough
like this to add lots of flour into
combat the stickiness well my strong
advice is don't because you'll end up
adding an awful lot of flour which will
make your brioche a bit dense but as you
can see after 10 minutes of kneading its
kind of lost its stickiness all this
dough is looking alright next thing to
do is pop it in a lightly greased Bowl
cover it and then leave it at room
temperature until the dough is about
double in size you don't want this dough
to get too warm or the butter will start
to come out of the dome you'll end up
with an oily mess so this is my dough
after a couple of hours I'll just turn
it out onto this surface
baki back to get the gas out and then
scoop it up not really sticking to the
surface but there we go
it's a nice dough now as you got your
dough you can cut it into as many pieces
as you like for breakfast rolls you're
probably going to want to cut it into 12
pieces I split my dough into 8 pieces
and you put these to one side take a
piece of dough stretch it and fold in to
the center and work your way around the
edge so what you're doing is you're
stretching the underside making a nice
ball shape and turn it over plump it up
cup your hand and roll it around on the
surface to seal the bottom and make a
nice smooth shape now I'll pop this on a
lightly greased baking tray once again
it's worth noting that I'm not using any
extra flour here
the dough's not as all sticky it's
greasy but it's not sticky so here are
the first six on my baking tray and I'm
just going to very gently press them
down and flatten them a little bit and
I'm going to pop the tray in a large
plastic bag and leave them at room
temperature again for about 45 minutes
to an hour to allow them to rise these
are now been ready to bake so I'm going
to pop them in the oven at 175 fan oven
195 normal oven for about 15 minutes
keep an eye on them and when they cook
they should be gorgeous golden brown
now pop them on a rack to cool so let's
cut one of these in half you consider
lovely fluffy texture inside or diddle
dishes hmm these buns are so light and
so squidgy they're like little pillows
if you're going to use these as
replacements for burger buns and you
want to put sesame seeds on simply brush
the top with a beaten egg and sprinkle
on your sesame seeds before baking I
hope you enjoy making your brioche rolls
and do join me next time in the bread
kitchen